feat: enable multiple label values (#115)
prometheus-community/prom-label-proxy: README.md

{"status":"success","data":{"resultType":"vector","result":[]}}%
```

> You can provide multiple values for the label using http header:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can provide multiple values for the label using several HTTP headers:
```
